Add Previous and Next for Constant interpolation (#512)
JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl: docs/src/control.md

whereby the coordinate of the selected input vector MUST be located on a grid point. Requests for off grid
coordinates results in the throwing of an error.

> For [`Constant`](@ref) there are the additional options `Constant{Previous}()` in order to perform a previous
> neighbor interpolation and `Constant{Next}()` for a next neighbor interpolation.
> Note that rounding can be an issue, see [#473](https://github.com/JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl/issues/473).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [`Constant`](@ref) there are the additional parameters. Use `Constant{Previous}()` in order to perform a previous
neighbor interpolation. Use `Constant{Next}()` for a next neighbor interpolation.
Note that rounding can be an issue, see [#473](https://github.com/JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl/issues/473).

```

Author: I removed _the_ additional ...
